book/src/SUMMARY.md, before:

# Solana Architecture

- [Introduction](introduction.md)

- [Terminology](terminology.md)

- [Getting Started](getting-started.md)
  - [Example: Web Wallet](webwallet.md)

- [Programming Model](programs.md)
  - [Example: Tic-Tac-Toe](tictactoe.md)
  - [Drones](drones.md)

- [A Solana Cluster](cluster.md)
  - [Synchronization](synchronization.md)
  - [Leader Rotation](leader-rotation.md)
  - [Fork Generation](fork-generation.md)
  - [Managing Forks](managing-forks.md)
  - [Data Plane Fanout](data-plane-fanout.md)
  - [Ledger Replication](ledger-replication.md)
  - [Secure Vote Signing](vote-signing.md)
  - [Staking Delegation and Rewards](stake-delegation-and-rewards.md)

- [Anatomy of a Fullnode](fullnode.md)
  - [TPU](tpu.md)
  - [TVU](tvu.md)
    - [Blocktree](blocktree.md)
  - [Gossip Service](gossip.md)
  - [The Runtime](runtime.md)

- [API Reference](api-reference.md)
  - [Blockstreamer](blockstreamer.md)
  - [JSON RPC API](jsonrpc-api.md)
  - [JavaScript API](javascript-api.md)
  - [solana-wallet CLI](wallet.md)

- [Proposed Architectural Changes](proposals.md)
  - [Ledger Replication](ledger-replication-to-implement.md)
  - [Secure Vote Signing](vote-signing-to-implement.md)
  - [Staking Rewards](staking-rewards.md)
  - [Passive Staking Delegation and Rewards](passive-stake-delegation-and-rewards.md)
  - [Fork Selection](fork-selection.md)
  - [Reliable Vote Transmission](reliable-vote-transmission.md)
  - [Persistent Account Storage](persistent-account-storage.md)
  - [Leader to Leader Transition](leader-leader-transition.md)
  - [Cluster Economics](ed_overview.md)
    - [Validation-client Economics](ed_validation_client_economics.md)
      - [State-validation Protocol-based Rewards](ed_vce_state_validation_protocol_based_rewards.md)
      - [State-validation Transaction Fees](ed_vce_state_validation_transaction_fees.md)
      - [Replication-validation Transaction Fees](ed_vce_replication_validation_transaction_fees.md)
      - [Validation Stake Delegation](ed_vce_validation_stake_delegation.md)
    - [Replication-client Economics](ed_replication_client_economics.md)
      - [Storage-replication Rewards](ed_rce_storage_replication_rewards.md)
      - [Replication-client Reward Auto-delegation](ed_rce_replication_client_reward_auto_delegation.md)
    - [Economic Sustainability](ed_economic_sustainability.md)
    - [Attack Vectors](ed_attack_vectors.md)
    - [References](ed_references.md)
  - [Leader-to-Validator Transition](leader-validator-transition.md)
  - [Cluster Test Framework](cluster-test-framework.md)
  - [Testing Programs](testing-programs.md)

Commit message:

Add implemented design proposals section

book/src/SUMMARY.md, after:

# Solana Architecture

- [Introduction](introduction.md)

- [Terminology](terminology.md)

- [Getting Started](getting-started.md)
  - [Example: Web Wallet](webwallet.md)

- [Programming Model](programs.md)
  - [Example: Tic-Tac-Toe](tictactoe.md)
  - [Drones](drones.md)

- [A Solana Cluster](cluster.md)
  - [Synchronization](synchronization.md)
  - [Leader Rotation](leader-rotation.md)
  - [Fork Generation](fork-generation.md)
  - [Managing Forks](managing-forks.md)
  - [Data Plane Fanout](data-plane-fanout.md)
  - [Ledger Replication](ledger-replication.md)
  - [Secure Vote Signing](vote-signing.md)
  - [Staking Delegation and Rewards](stake-delegation-and-rewards.md)

- [Anatomy of a Fullnode](fullnode.md)
  - [TPU](tpu.md)
  - [TVU](tvu.md)
    - [Blocktree](blocktree.md)
  - [Gossip Service](gossip.md)
  - [The Runtime](runtime.md)

- [API Reference](api-reference.md)
  - [Blockstreamer](blockstreamer.md)
  - [JSON RPC API](jsonrpc-api.md)
  - [JavaScript API](javascript-api.md)
  - [solana-wallet CLI](wallet.md)

- [Accepted Design Proposals](proposals.md)
  - [Ledger Replication](ledger-replication-to-implement.md)
  - [Secure Vote Signing](vote-signing-to-implement.md)
  - [Staking Rewards](staking-rewards.md)
  - [Passive Stake Delegation and Rewards](passive-stake-delegation-and-rewards.md)
  - [Fork Selection](fork-selection.md)
  - [Reliable Vote Transmission](reliable-vote-transmission.md)
  - [Persistent Account Storage](persistent-account-storage.md)
  - [Cluster Economics](ed_overview.md)
    - [Validation-client Economics](ed_validation_client_economics.md)
      - [State-validation Protocol-based Rewards](ed_vce_state_validation_protocol_based_rewards.md)
      - [State-validation Transaction Fees](ed_vce_state_validation_transaction_fees.md)
      - [Replication-validation Transaction Fees](ed_vce_replication_validation_transaction_fees.md)
      - [Validation Stake Delegation](ed_vce_validation_stake_delegation.md)
    - [Replication-client Economics](ed_replication_client_economics.md)
      - [Storage-replication Rewards](ed_rce_storage_replication_rewards.md)
      - [Replication-client Reward Auto-delegation](ed_rce_replication_client_reward_auto_delegation.md)
    - [Economic Sustainability](ed_economic_sustainability.md)
    - [Attack Vectors](ed_attack_vectors.md)
    - [References](ed_references.md)
  - [Cluster Test Framework](cluster-test-framework.md)
  - [Testing Programs](testing-programs.md)

- [Implemented Design Proposals](implemented-proposals.md)
  - [Leader-to-Leader Transition](leader-leader-transition.md)
  - [Leader-to-Validator Transition](leader-validator-transition.md)
